Deprecate AC documentation (#2068)
astronomer/docs: software_versioned_docs/version-0.30/manage-airflow-versions.md

    <pre><code parentName="pre">{`FROM quay.io/astronomer/astro-runtime:${siteVariables.runtimeVersion}`}</code></pre>

>     For a list of currently supported Astronomer images, see [Astro Runtime lifecycle schedule](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy#astro-runtime-lifecycle-schedule).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For a list of currently supported versions of Astro Runtime, see [Astro Runtime lifecycle schedule](/astro/runtime-version-lifecycle-policy#astro-runtime-lifecycle-schedule).
```
